hey folks it's Stu from Evolution
Unleashed and today it's just me and no
Andy I'm just creating a quick
walkthrough video to introduce to you
our brand new sort of style of prompting
now if you've been in our cohort or
foundations course you'll be familiar
with what I'm about to show you today
which is an interactive prompt with chat
GPT in order to help it tailor and
really give you powerful responses that
are aligned to your situation okay so
we're going to have it ask us some
questions and we're going to answer them
so the prompt I've created for you today
it's just a silly one create five
thousand dollars in Urgent Revenue the
reason for that I had someone say to me
they wanted to do our
um one of our chat Bots but they needed
to generate the money first so I thought
well why not write a prompt that can
show you how to get
um this fast Revenue now if you're in
business brilliant the placeholders will
be easy if you're not in business I'll
show you how to walk through it so let's
go have a look at today's new style of
prompt brand new hot off the press From
Evolution Unleashed and we have a
context section here that has four
placeholders that you will need to
change in order to personalize this and
I've gone ahead and filled these in with
an example that I'm going to use today
just to show you how sort of to use this
and and what you can kind of expect so
today we've got chat TPT assuming the
role of an entrepreneur specializing in
Urgent Revenue generation and here's the
context we're going to provide so what
are your skills talents and abilities
think about things that you want to make
money doing right things that you know
you can make money doing don't just put
things that you'll never monetize so if
you're a kitchen person you love cooking
put that in if you're an outdoors person
like I'm putting in here put that in if
you're a marketing nerd like me you
would put that in just whatever you
think you can do to make some quick
money okay so things would be okay doing
so I put I love the outdoors gardening
landscaping and I can also do basic Home
Maintenance tasks okay you don't have to
go overboard my businesses now if you
don't have a business you can just
delete this I put I don't have a
business but I do lawn mowing in gardens
sometimes
okay then we're going to want to know
who our target market is who buys what
I'm selling or who do I want to sell to
so if I'm doing lawn mowing who would I
want to sell to while those unable to
maintain their own yard either they have
a lack of equipment they're elderly or
they are otherwise unable to maintain
the yard okay very simple my audience
sizes and this is your last placeholder
uh and I've put a personal Facebook
profile of 4 500 people an email list
with 3 000 contacts and a Facebook group
of 14 400 now I've just made these up so
to give you an idea of how to run this
prompt but this isn't where the real
magic is going to happen Okay the
objective the ultimate goal is to
generate five thousand dollars in Urgent
revenue and here's the instructions and
this is where you're going to experience
a new type of interaction with taxi
petite so we're asking it to provide a
series of exhaustive and holistic
high-level questions that will allow me
to provide check GPT with subjective
accurate complete and reliable
information a bit of a mouthful but all
these words have meaning and we've
tested them thoroughly for you to
provide the following and what do we
want today we want two things we want
the high level strategy right which is a
detailed and creative Revenue generating
strategy that is within my skills and
resources to deliver please label this
the 5K strategy and then a comprehensive
and detailed step-by-step action plan
that will allow me to implement this
strategy in Rapid time with the ultimate
goal of creating that 5000 in Revenue
fast please label this the 5K Master
blueprint right and then please enter
sure every output's okay this is just
some of our fluff that we add in to get
more comprehensive results because you
know chat TPT can be a little
restrictive in its output that's why
some people say it's got Dumber it
hasn't they just have to know how to
prompt around it folks okay so it's
going to ask three types of questions
yes or no questions multiple choice and
short answer questions we've asked it to
number each question individually
because I need to show you how to answer
the questions okay and then there's a
bit more fluff here just in terms of
getting you know these overrides to get
around restrictions and here's the
answer absolutely JJ that's my
Vietnamese name let's dive into this
with the aim of generating five thousand
dollars in Revenue as urgently as
possible leveraging your skills
resources and networks or Begin by
asking a series of questions to gather
the information and here we have some
questions which I'm going to show you in
a different document
so what I recommend here is just come
over to the clipboard because these are
numbered and it might ask us more
questions depending on our answers and
we want to make sure we've got it nice
and easy so use the clipboard because it
copies the right formatting for the
numbers
come over to a basic document we just
use a worksheet paste that in all right
like like it would be like this
paste without formatting okay for
example a Word document whatever okay
and then delete all the fluff so you've
only got the questions I've already
answered question one I've answered all
these I've left the questions here
and you know what best describes your
proficiency I've put C I've been doing
it for 10 years okay and then once
you've answered delete the question
short answer how many hours per week can
you dedicate 40 hours so we're just
going to go ahead okay and I haven't
actually given the answer we're going to
do it live it's going to take out the
questions you can see the questions just
provide an answer okay
um real simple
if even though that was a yes or no
question
um give a bit more context if you're
able the key here is to actually answer
quite detailed uh but we don't want to
copy the question back in just the
answer so the age range where where
we're generally helping the older people
so we're going to put D you could put D
and B if there's two uh short answer is
your Facebook group related to gardening
yeah landscaping and we just go through
answer all these questions
okay I hope you can see this okay I
should have zoomed in but anyway what we
do is we take our answers like this copy
that come back to chat GPT
and you'll see kindly respond to these
questions so I can proceed with crafting
your strategy so I'm just going to paste
those in there
and go
very easy but just take your time to
answer those questions and look at that
three pillars here's our strategy
service diversification Target marketing
campaigns limited time offers here's how
we're going to execute through our three
channels here's the revenue streams
create a project base get a recurring
maintenance package or get premium
urgent care services for immediate needs
uh which is really interesting like
preparing a garden for an event charger
premium fees so here's the blueprint to
get this done as fast as possible so
it's given us a four week okay now you
could
if you wanted come up to the prompt
before you run it and you might say 5000
in Urgent Revenue
in the next seven days okay so if you
were to put in the next seven days it'll
give you a seven day plan depending on
how urgent you want to do this okay
again be flexible with our problems have
a bit of fun this is just here to to to
show you what to expect uh but you can
tweak this to your specific requirements
that's why we teach prompting okay so
um it's saying you know here's the plan
right
this is what we have to work on and you
could go as fast or slow as you want
okay now it seems to be continued that's
because of our override it's going to
give us some more information so we just
say uh when it's not asking us questions
we can just say ah thank you check tpd
please continue
and what do we got and it's going to say
let's dive deeper and now it's going to
go even more in depth for you to make it
really easy for you to understand and
follow okay so look at this day three
four use canva or a similar tool to
design visually appealing promotional
materials graph engaging posts and email
content
okay well how do I do that so let's say
we're finished we can come down here
even though it's still running nothing
like doing this live on the Fly you know
so let's say we wanted it so it's given
us an end of response and we can say uh
thank you can you please help me
with this
okay and then it will give you all the
information you need
to run that okay so this is just really
showing you how it uses questions and
how you can have it ask you questions to
get the right information so I can give
you strategy and action plans or
whatever else content you want that is
going to be more fit for purpose so uh
look at that it's now creating us an
email
it's created our Facebook post
and so on okay so please feel free to
adjust these look if you're in our
marketing accelerator framework you can
create all this in your own brand voice
and personality we teach you how to use
tone of motion voice as well as
prompting so if you're not a part of the
marketing accelerator framework it's 297
and will be the best money you've ever
invested in AI I give you my word but
coming back to this really just wanted
to show you uh how to use this new
prompt structure it's all about just you
know Andy and I spend a lot of time
trying to figure out how do we get chat
CPT to go deeper how do we align it how
do we get it more relevant to our needs
and wants and this is how we've come up
with that it's what we're doing through
our foundations which is basically uh
building AI powered business models
value delivery Frameworks that are
powered by AI who really adapt
businesses into the AI era that's a
discussion for another day this is all
about teaching you how to use this new
prompt structure we're going to go much
more into depth with this in our
upcoming prompt engineering course but
that's it for today folks hope you found
this valuable if you have please as
always like and share and we'll see you
in the next one peace